Initial PR for Fundamentals of Computer Vision (#73)
johko/computer-vision-course: chapters/en/Unit 1 - Fundamentals/Chapter 1 - Fundamentals of Computer Vision/applications.mdx

> ## A high overview of computer vision system with examples

Reviewer: A couple of things:
1) We probably should have an H1 header first. 
2) A "high-level overview" sounds a bit more natural than "high overview"

- one or two examples
- Quality control in assembly lines
- Medical image analisys
- Image generation (since both above are classification like)

> 	- how it's deployed on, for example, photoshop

Reviewer 2: Yes, we decided to do the PR before we could finish this part since there was a lot of things that were semi-ready.

> # Challenges for CV systems: 

Reviewer: Usually, headers don't end with a colon.

## Data Related Challenges

> Format idea:

Reviewer: This looks like it could be a table

- Data collected from the real world are notoriously noisy, and they frequently contain defects, artefacts from sensors, and distortions. 
- Computer vision systems need to be able to withstand this kind of noise.

### Interactions with other technologies
- The combination of computer vision with other technologies, such as natural language processing, robotics, or augmented reality, presents difficult challenges linked to the systems' interoperability.
- This also expands the usability of machine learning and computer vision in the real world. 

### Privacy and ethical concerns
- Concerns of privacy and ethics arise when real-world applications of computer vision are considered, particularly in situations involving surveillance, facial recognition, and data collection.
- There should be a proper system for handling the database for such models involving image or any other personal information of people without human intervention.

### Real time Processing
- A number of applications, such as autonomous vehicles and augmented reality, demand processing in real time or with a low latency, which presents hurdles in terms of the amount of computational efficiency that can be achieved.

> -  For handling these type of application huge computational power is required with a capable cloud platform.

Reviewer 2: @seshu-pavan @aman06012003 I believe this was already addressed, but I am not 100% sure. Can you double-check?

### Transparency and Explainability
Computer vision systems should be transparent in their functioning and decisions. Users should be able to understand how these systems work and the reasons behind their decisions.
### Child Protection
Special care must be taken when dealing with visual data involving children. Safeguards should be in place to protect minors from privacy violations or any other potential harm.

### Cultural and Contextual Sensitivity
Computer vision systems should be sensitive to cultural differences and diverse contexts to avoid mistinterpretaions or biases based on cultural or regional norms.

### Human Oversight
Human oversight and intervention are crucial in ensuring that computer vision systems operate ethically and make accurate decisions.
Humans should have the ability to intervene in cases where the systems's decisions might cause harm.

### Environmental Impact
The developement and deployment of computer vision systems should consider their environmental impact, THis includes energy consumption, electronic waste and other ecological factors.

### Educational and Ethical Training

> Training programs and educational intiatives are essential to raise awareness about the ethical implications of computer vision technology among devolpers, users and policymakers.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Training programs and educational initiatives are essential to raise awareness about the ethical implications of computer vision technology among developers, users, and policymakers.
```

# Applications Of Computer Vision

> In today's modern world, computer vision systems perform ever more challenging tasks. Some of which are even difficult for humans to do. Let's consider India. Do you know India is the country with the highest number of registered two-wheelers in the world? With that many people, sometimes they forget to use a helmet. This is dangerous and can cause severe injuries to the person. To address these issues, the Government of India, in collaboration with other institutions, developed  Computer Vision system tha automatically catch riders without a helmet along with their licence plate to impose strict fines against them to discourage people from breaking the law.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
In today's world, computer vision systems perform ever more challenging tasks. Some of which are even difficult for humans to do. Let's consider India. Do you know India has the highest number of registered two-wheelers in the world? With that many people, sometimes they forget to use a helmet. This is dangerous and can cause severe injuries to the person. To address these issues, the government of India, in collaboration with other institutions, developed a computer vision system that automatically catches riders without a helmet and their license plate and imposes strict fines against them to discourage people from breaking the law.

```

> Of course fining people is not the only application of Computer Vision. There are many more in several different fields such sd Healthcare, Retail, Industries. Here are a few high-level examples of computer vision systems:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Of course, fining people is not the only application of computer vision. There are many more in different fields, such as healthcare, retail, and other industries. Here, we provide a few high-level examples of computer vision systems.

```

## A high overview of computer vision system with examples

### Autonomous Vehicle

> Self-driving cars heavily rely on computer vision to perceive and interpret the environment. They use cameras and sensors to identify objects, pedestrians, traffic signs, lane markings, and other vehicles on the road. Computer vision algorithms help these vehicles make real-time decisions, such as steering, accelerating, or braking, based on the analyzed data. Companies like Tesla, Waymo, and Uber are actively working on this technology to make transportation safer and more efficient.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Self-driving cars heavily rely on computer vision to perceive and interpret the environment. They use cameras and sensors to identify objects, pedestrians, traffic signs, lane markings, and other vehicles on the road. Based on the analyzed data, computer vision algorithms help these vehicles make real-time decisions, such as steering, accelerating, or braking. Companies like Tesla, Waymo, and Uber are actively working on this technology to make transportation safer and more efficient.

```

> ### Retail and Ecommerce

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
### Retail and E-commerce

```

> Computer vision is revolutionizing the retail industry. Many online retailers and brick-and-mortar stores are using it for various purposes. One significant application fo this is the object recognition and recommendation systems. By analyzing images or videos of products, computer vision algorithms can identify items, understand their features, and recommend similar products to customers. For example, platforms like Amazon,eBay, Walmart use computer vision to suggest related products based on what a user is currently viewing or purchasing. Additionally, in physical stores, computer vision-powered systems can track inventory levels, detect stock shortages, and even analyze customer behavior to optimize store layouts and marketing strategies which can ultimately help them to enhance their stores.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Computer vision is revolutionizing the retail industry. Many online retailers and brick-and-mortar stores are using it for various purposes. One significant application for this is the object recognition and recommendation systems. By analyzing images or videos of products, computer vision algorithms can identify items, understand their features, and recommend similar products to customers. For example, platforms like Amazon, eBay, and Walmart use computer vision to suggest related products based on users' viewing or purchasing. Additionally, in physical stores, computer vision-powered systems can track inventory levels, detect stock shortages, and even analyze customer behavior to optimize store layouts and marketing strategies, which can ultimately help them enhance their stores.

```

> ### Quality control in assembly lines

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
### Quality Control in Assembly Lines

```

> CV in quality control on assembly lines helps in achieving higher accuracy, efficiency, and consistency in detecting and rectifying defects, thereby reducing waste, improving product quality, and streamlining manufacturing processes. There are many domains in which this is used some of them are:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
CV in quality control on assembly lines helps achieve higher accuracy, efficiency, and consistency in detecting and rectifying defects, reducing waste, improving product quality, and streamlining manufacturing processes. There are many domains in which this is used; some of them are:

```

> **Defect detection**:  CV systems can analyze products on assembly lines in real time, identifying defects or irregularities that might not be immediately visible to the human eye. For instance, in manufacturing, CV can inspect items like electronic components, automotive parts, or packaged goods to spot imperfections, scratches, dents, or incorrect assembly. These systems compare the product against a standard reference to determine if it meets quality standards.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
**Defect detection**:  CV systems can analyze products on assembly lines in real-time, identifying defects or irregularities that might not be immediately visible to the human eye. For instance, CV can inspect electronic components, automotive parts, or packaged goods in manufacturing to spot imperfections, scratches, dents, or incorrect assembly. These systems compare the product against a standard reference to determine if it meets quality standards.

```

> **Automated Inspection**: Traditional quality control often involves manual inspection, which is time-consuming and prone to human error. CV systems automate this process by using cameras and machine learning algorithms to capture images or videos of products as they move along the assembly line. These images are then analyzed to detect any deviations from the standard, ensuring consistency and high quality in mass production.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
**Automated Inspection**: Traditional quality control often involves manual inspection, which is time-consuming and prone to human error. CV systems automate this process by using cameras and machine learning algorithms to capture images or videos of products as they move along the assembly line. These images are then analyzed to detect deviations from the standard, ensuring consistency and high quality in mass production.

```

> **Realtime Feedback and Maintenance system**: By integrating CV into assembly lines, manufacturers can receive real-time feedback about product quality. If a defect is detected, the system can trigger immediate actions, such as alerting a human operator, diverting the faulty product for rework, or even adjusting the machinery to correct the issue, minimizing the production of defective items and optimizing the overall production process.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
**Real-time Feedback and Maintenance System**: By integrating CV into assembly lines, manufacturers can receive real-time feedback about product quality. If a defect is detected, the system can trigger immediate actions, such as alerting a human operator, diverting the faulty product for rework, or even adjusting the machinery to correct the issue, minimizing the production of defective items and optimizing the overall production process.

```

### Medical Image Analysis

Medical image analysis involves the application of computer vision and machine learning techniques to interpret and extract information from medical images like X-rays, CT scans, MRIs, ultrasounds, and histopathology slides.

> 1. **Diagnostic Assistance**: Computer vision aids in diagnosing diseases and conditions by analyzing medical images. For instance, in radiology, algorithms can detect abnormalities such as tumors and fractures in X-rays or MRIs. These systems assist healthcare professionals by highlighting areas of concern or by providing quantitative data that helps in decision-making.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
1. **Diagnostic Assistance**: Computer vision aids in diagnosing diseases and conditions by analyzing medical images. For instance, in radiology, algorithms can detect abnormalities such as tumors and fractures in X-rays or MRIs. These systems assist healthcare professionals by highlighting areas of concern or providing quantitative data that helps decision-making.

```

> 2. **Segmentation and Detection:**: Medical image analysis involves segmenting and detecting specific structures or anomalies within the images. This process helps in isolating organs, tissues, or pathologies for closer examination. For example, in cancer detection, computer vision algorithms can segment and analyze tumors from MRI or CT scans, assisting in treatment planning and monitoring.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
2. **Segmentation and Detection:**: Medical image analysis involves segmenting and detecting specific structures or anomalies within the images. This process helps isolate organs, tissues, or pathologies for closer examination. For example, in cancer detection, computer vision algorithms can segment and analyze tumors from MRI or CT scans, assisting in treatment planning and monitoring.

```

> 3. **Treatment Planning and Monitoring**: Computer vision contributes to treatment planning by providing precise measurements, tracking changes over time, and assisting in surgical planning. It helps doctors understand the extent and progression of a disease, enabling them to plan and adjust treatment strategies accordingly. Doctors were already capable of doing most of these tasks, but they needed to them by hand. CV systems can do automatically which frees us doctors to do other tasks.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
3. **Treatment Planning and Monitoring**: Computer vision contributes to treatment planning by providing precise measurements, tracking changes over time, and assisting in surgical planning. It helps doctors understand the extent and progression of a disease, enabling them to plan and adjust treatment strategies accordingly. Doctors were already capable of doing most of these tasks, but they needed to do them by hand. CV systems can do it automatically, which frees us doctors to do other tasks.

```

4. **AI-Assisted Radiology**: AI-powered systems in radiology assist radiologists by automating routine tasks, reducing workload, and improving accuracy. These systems can flag potentially abnormal findings, provide quantitative analysis, and even predict potential health issues based on patterns identified in medical images.
5. **Drug Development and Research**:  In drug development and medical research, computer vision techniques assist in analyzing cellular structures, tissue samples, or genetic materials. This aids in understanding diseases at a microscopic level, contributing to the development of new drugs, therapies, or diagnostic tools.

## Challenges for CV systems:

> Computer Vision systems face a multitude of challenges that arise from the complexity of processing visual information in real-world scenarios ranging from poor data quality, privacy and ethical concerns along with other concerns which are mentioned in the table below:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Computer Vision systems face a multitude of challenges that arise from the complexity of processing visual information in real-world scenarios, ranging from poor data quality, privacy, and ethical concerns along with other concerns, which are mentioned in the table below:

```

> # Applications Of Computer Vision

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
# Applications of Computer Vision

```

In today's world, computer vision systems perform ever more challenging tasks. Some of which are even difficult for humans to do. Let's consider India. Do you know India has the highest number of registered two-wheelers in the world? With that many people, sometimes they forget to use a helmet. This is dangerous and can cause severe injuries to the person. To address these issues, the government of India, in collaboration with other institutions, developed a computer vision system that automatically catches riders without a helmet and their license plate and imposes strict fines against them to discourage people from breaking the law.

Of course, fining people is not the only application of computer vision. There are many more in different fields, such as healthcare, retail, and other industries. Here, we provide a few high-level examples of computer vision systems.

> ## A high level Overview of Computer Vision System with Examples

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
## A High Level Overview of Computer Vision System with Examples

```

> ### Autonomous Vehicle

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
### Autonomous Vehicles

```
